capital = 109

set_research_slots = 2

set_oob = "CRO"

set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.1

add_ideas = {
	recruitment_1825
	governance_abs
	trade_sempro
	economy_indzing
	mobilization_1
	
    WB_Idea_llliteracy
	CRO_Italian_Economic_Domination
	CRO_native_conscription_crisis
	CRO_Rebel_Networks
	CRO_Antun_pl_Mihalovic_hog_ade
	CRO_Mladen_Lorkovic_for_nsy
	CRO_Ivan_Krajac_eco_sco
	CRO_Ivo_Krbek_sec_sco
	CRO_Vilko_Begic_def_rwp
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

ITA = {
	set_autonomy = {
	target = CRO
	autonomous_state = sp_autonomous
	}
}

set_convoys = 23

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = right_wing_populist
	last_election = "1888.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}

set_popularities = {
    bolshevist = 2
    spartacist = 1
    revolutionary_socialist = 6
    reformist_socialist = 1
    social_democrat = 49
    social_liberal = 18
    liberal_conservative = 9
    social_conservative = 6
    authoritarian_conservative = 0
    right_wing_populist = 0
    national_syndicalist = 0
    national_corporatist = 8
}

set_country_flag = coalition_authoritarian_conservative
set_country_flag = national_syndicalist_ministers_allowed

set_country_flag = banned_social_liberal
set_country_flag = banned_social_democrat
set_country_flag = banned_reformist_socialist
set_country_flag = banned_revolutionary_socialist
set_country_flag = banned_spartacist
set_country_flag = banned_bolshevist
set_country_flag = banned_liberal_conservative
set_country_flag = banned_social_conservative
set_country_flag = banned_national_syndicalist
set_country_flag = banned_national_corporatist

recruit_character = CRO_tomislav_ii_frankopan
recruit_character = CRO_ante_pavelic
recruit_character = CRO_ante_pavelic_sr
recruit_character = CRO_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = CRO_leon_rupnik
recruit_character = CRO_matija_canic
recruit_character = CRO_mile_budak
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_kvaternik
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_radic
recruit_character = CRO_svetozar_delic
recruit_character = CRO_vitomir_korac
recruit_character = CRO_vittorio_emanuele_iii
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_bakaric
recruit_character = CRO_vladko_macek