capital = 1481

set_oob = "JAP"

set_stability = 0.42
set_war_support = 0.3

set_research_slots = 4

add_ideas = {
	recruitment_volunteer
	governance_par
	trade_sempro
	economy_semind
	mobilization_2
	
	JAP_SP_liberty
	JAP_SP_mantetsu
	
	JAP_Katayama_Tetsu_hog_sde
	JAP_Suzuki_Bunji_for_sde
	JAP_Kagawa_Toyohiko_eco_sde
	JAP_Kikuchi_Yonosuke_sec_sde
	JAP_Tashiro_Kanichiro_cos_lco
	JAP_Tashiro_Kanichiro_carm_lco
	JAP_Tagawa_Daikichiro_def_sde
	JAP_Yamamoto_Isoroku_cnav_lco
}

recruit_character = JAP_hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_kondō_eizō
recruit_character = JAP_asanuma_inejirō
recruit_character = JAP_kantaro_kataoka

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	basic_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	basic_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	early_carrier = 1
	basic_carrier = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	base_strike = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
}

set_autonomy = {
	target = PRI
	autonomous_state = sp_autonomous
}

set_convoys = 400

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "1930.2.20"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}

set_popularities = {
	bolshevist = 1
	spartacist = 1
	revolutionary_socialist = 1
	reformist_socialist = 2
	social_democrat = 4
	social_liberal = 36
	liberal_conservative = 9
	social_conservative = 17
	authoritarian_conservative = 16
	right_wing_populist = 9
	national_syndicalist = 2
	national_corporatist = 2
}

set_country_flag = coalition_social_liberal
set_country_flag = coalition_liberal_conservative

set_country_flag = banned_bolshevist
set_country_flag = banned_spartacist
set_country_flag = banned_revolutionary_socialist

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kondō Eizō"
	desc = ""
	picture = ""
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = bolshevist_subtype
	traits = {
		
	}
}




### VARIANTS ###
	# 1936 Start #
		### Carrier Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akagi Class"
			type = carrier_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_deckspace_upgrade = 5
				carrier_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Battleship Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ise Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_armor_upgrade = 1
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nagato Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				ship_engine_upgrade = 4
				ship_armor_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 4
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Myoko Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Light Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kuma Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sendai Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Destroyer Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fubuki Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
				destroyer_engine_upgrade = 4
				ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
		}	
		### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaidai III Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				sub_engine_upgrade = 3
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}	