capital = 10

set_oob = "PGA"

add_ideas = {
	recruitment_volunteer
	governance_coun
	trade_aut
	economy_semind
	mobilization_2

	PGA_Volodymyr_Zatonsky_hog_spa
	PGA_Edward_Prochniak_mwp_spa
	PGA_Jakub_Hanecki_for_spa
	PGA_Alfred_Lampe_eco_spa
	PGA_Teodor_Duracz_sec_spa
	PGA_Feliks_Kon_edu_spa
	PGA_Stanislaw_Kosior_agr_bol
	PGA_Stanislaw_Bobinski_tra_spa
	PGA_Jozef_Unszlicht_def_bol
	PGA_Vladimir_Lazarevich_cos
	PGA_Wladyslaw_Korczyc_carm
	PGA_Jerzy_Zietek_cair
	PGA_Stefan_Banach_theo
}

recruit_character = PGA_adolf_warski
recruit_character = PGA_roman_dmowski
recruit_character = PGA_roman_rybarski
recruit_character = PGA_józef_unszlicht
recruit_character = PGA_marcin_piotrowski
recruit_character = PGA_kacper_dąbrowski
recruit_character = PGA_michał_kowalski
recruit_character = PGA_filip_piotrowski
recruit_character = PGA_tomasz_szymański
recruit_character = PGA_maksymilian_kowalski
recruit_character = PGA_igor_wojciechowski
recruit_character = PGA_maksymilian_szymański
recruit_character = PGA_grzegorz_kowalski


set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_submarine = 1	
	trench_warfare = 1
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = spartacist
	last_election = "1888.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}

set_popularities = {
    bolshevist = 11
    spartacist = 18
    revolutionary_socialist = 6
    reformist_socialist = 10
    social_democrat = 5
    social_liberal = 19
    liberal_conservative = 3
    social_conservative = 13
    authoritarian_conservative = 2
    right_wing_populist = 6
    national_syndicalist = 4
    national_corporatist = 3
}

set_country_flag = coalition_bolshevist
set_country_flag = coalition_revolutionary_socialist
set_country_flag = coalition_reformist_socialist

set_country_flag = banned_social_democrat
set_country_flag = banned_social_liberal
set_country_flag = banned_liberal_conservative
set_country_flag = banned_social_conservative
set_country_flag = banned_authoritarian_conservative
set_country_flag = banned_right_wing_populist
set_country_flag = banned_national_syndicalist
set_country_flag = banned_national_corporatist

set_convoys = 10

